1. Rewards claimed by users

Once the user has uploaded a receipt and collected sufficient points, the user can redeem the points for various products or services.
It will be noteworthy to understand the rewards that are claimed most by the users as this can help the company roll out more attractive offersfor that
particular segment and thus attract more users to use the application.
For the same, I have analysed and calculated the highest rewards claimed by a user using python and pandas.
The results are exciting as they indicate that the top five claimed items are soups, candies, frozen vegetables, chocolate drinks and cake mixes.
Through this analysis, the company can increase the rewards in these five categories and offer them for fewer points, which can attract more users 
to use the application. 
These offers will encourage users not to miss any receipt that can be uploaded on the application and earn more rewards.
Thus, the business can profit from this.

(Code attached as Q3.1-Code and Result attached as Q3.1-Ans)


2. Highest user activity

I analysed the data set to examine which months of the year had the highest user activity. I have used python libraries: numpy, pandas and matplotlib.
I plotted a bar graph for the number of receipts users have uploaded in a month. 
The bar graph indicates that December has the highest number of receipts users have uploaded, and February has the lowest number of receipts. 
There is an increase in uploaded receipts from September to January, which reaches a peak in December. 
This can be because of the December holiday season. 
To maximize business, the company can roll out attractive offers during the holiday season, as this will encourage users to upload more receipts.

(Code attached as Q3.2-Code and Result attached as Q3.2-Ans)

3. State-wise users

I visualized the number of users per state in a bar chart, using Microsoft Power BI and it indicates that there is high user activity in Florida, New York 
and Pennsylvania.
However, the user activity is the lowest in Washington and Nevada. The company can spend more on advertising in these states to increase user reach and revenue.
The bar chart would have been more impactful if there was more data for the number for users.

(Bar chart attached as Q3.3-Bar Chart)
